1.
(a)  What happens during the preprocessor stage?  What is input?  What is output?
 Input: source_code.c Output: source_code.i
 The preprocessor replaces macro defintions (anything with #) with more c code and passes this to the actual compiler. The ouput is just c code, so if there were no proproccesor directives in my file, then cpp would not to be run. 

(b)  What happens during the compilation stage?  What is input?  What is output?
 Input: source_code.i Output: source_code.s
 The compiler translaces C cod to assembly code. The resulting assembly code is made with respect to the computer's architecture so optimizations and register allocations vary by machine. 

(c)  What happens during the assembly stage?  What is input?  What is output?
 Input: source_code.s Output: source_code.o
 The assembler translates the assembly code to machine code/binary. The resulting file is referred to as an object file which is just a binary representation of the program. The assembler gives memory locations to variables and instructions.

(d)  What happens during the linking stage?  What is input?  What is output?
 Input: source_code.o Output: source_code
 The linker links our program's object file to other object files and libraries. Since the assembler can't assign the actual memory locations, the linker does this and resolves unresolved references. Unresolved refernces are variables, functions, etc that were declared but not defined. The result is a runnable binary executable file.

2.  What’s the command to ”go up” a level in the directory tree?

cd ..

3.  What’s the command to ”go to” your home directory?

cd ~

4.  What’s the command to ”go to” the root of the directory tree?

cd /

5.  What’s the command to delete a file?

rm file.ext

6.  What’s the command to delete a directory?
// Included -r if there are subfolders
rm -r dir

7.  What’s the command to create a directory?

mkdir dir

8.  What’s the command to make a copy of a file?

cp file1.ext file2.ext

9.  What’s the command to rename a file?

mv oldfile.ext	newfile.ext

10.  Suppose that there’s a unix shell command called petronam. What’s the command that I’d type in the shell in order to see the help page for the proper usage of petronam?

man petronam

11.  What’s the unix shell command to view the contents of a file in hexadecimal?

hexdump file.ext

12.  What’s the unix shell command to display a file one screen at a time?

less file.ext

13.  How would I run the commandkeurigtaking its input from a file calledbeans?

commandkeurigtaking < calledbeans

14.  How can I take the output of abakecommand and use it as input for aslicecommand?

abakecommand > aslicecommand

15.  What’s the command to print a long directory listing (names, permissions, owner, length,etc)?

ls -l

16.  What’s the command to alter the permissions of a file to allow the owner to read, write,or execute the file?

chmod u+rwx file.ext

